Thus far, we learned a lot about the template driven approach and how we can create great forms
with it.
Now let's move on, let's leave the world of validating the user input here
and let's say we want to define some default values which should be displayed, for example on the
dropdown here.
Right now, it's empty by default,
well would be nice if
one of the two questions would be selected, right?
For this, we can change the way we add ngModel.
Right now, we add it like this, without property or event binding nor two-way data binding,
well we can use it together with property binding, so let's add some square brackets around it, no
parentheses so we're not using two-way by binding as of now
and now we can bind it to a value and remember with it,
I mean the control, this input here which is turned into a control by Angular in the background.
So this select here can now be bound to a default value and you could either hardcode a string
into there,
don't forget the single quotation marks in this case
or you set up a property, like let's say default
question which would be pet. Pet
because that is one of the two valid values, the other one being teacher for this question here.
So now we can bind this to default question and if we now save this and let it reload, you'll see that
now pet is selected
and of course if we switch this to teacher, well it shouldn't be a surprise that the other value is
selected.
So now all of a sudden, we're using a default value
and of course this does not only work for the dropdown, it would also work for the username,
you could point to a default string there, pre-populating this field with a default username.
Very useful and something you should definitely keep in mind, that you are not limited to using
ngModel without any bindings,
you can use one-way binding, property binding to set a default value.
Of course this value can still be overwritten,
you can still pick a different option here.